Ence won't solve violence these are the
words of T mitnik an 18-year-old from
Tel Aviv who is believed to be the first
person to refuse Israeli military
service in protests against the war in
Gaza I'm in has military base and I'm
refusing to enlist I refuse to be part
of the war in Gaza I believe Slaughter
will not solve
Slaughter he left to serve 30 days in
prison instead cheered on by a small but
fot crowd so who can be called up for
service well Israeli Jews but also
minority Drews and cakan communities are
conscripted at the age of 18 men for 32
months and women for 24 in the case of a
national emergency or War most can be
recall in as reservists and they can be
up to the age of 40 or even above
150,000 people are in active service and
360,000 reservists were called up for
the war in Gaza making making it
Israel's largest mobilization refusing
conscription is a criminal offense in
Israel and can lead to weak imprison and
a criminal record rights groups say the
military officer often issues a
punishment immediately once they're
released from jail they then called up
for service again and this sentenc
process can happen many times leading to
the person spending time in and out of
jail Lura Khan Al jazer occupied East
Jerusalem
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer